Implement unpacking nested pytest.param objects in parametrize (#9254)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/9074.improvement.rst

> Now ``pytest`` do unpack nested ``pytest.param`` values and merge their ids and marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now ``pytest`` unpacks nested ``pytest.param`` values and merges their ids and marks.
```

> If parent ``pytest.param`` has an id - it rewrites nested ids.

Reviewer: I think we can leave this phrase out, seems a bit too detailed for the changelog (this should live in its own docs).

```suggestion

```

For example, now such a construction is possible::

        @pytest.mark.parametrize(
            "a,b,c", [
                pytest.param(
                    pytest.param(1, id="one", marks=pytest.mark.one),
                    pytest.param(2, id="two", marks=pytest.mark.two),
                    pytest.param(3, id="three", marks=pytest.mark.three),
                    marks=pytest.mark.full
                )
            ]
        )

> Earlier in this case the values ``a, b, c`` in test are a ``ParameterSet`` objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions, ``a, b, c`` were passed as ``ParameterSet`` objects.
```
